As we've come to an end of another module, let's look back at the key takeaways.
The main API features for creating and adding basic content
to a PDF document are located in org.apache.pdfbox.pdmodel
package in the PDFBox API.
The key classes are PDDocument, PDPage, and PDPageContentStream.
When adding content to your PDF document,
you should have a clear understanding of the PDF coordinate system.
Whenever you want to add new text to the content stream,
you should position it correctly using the newLlineAtOffset
method giving the precise X and Y coordinates.
And remember,
you should set AppendMode to append in the content stream if
you're adding text to your document continuously.
If not, text added later overrides what was there before.
Finally about coloring,
set the stroking color if you want to specify the outline color and
non‑stroking color if you want to specify the fill color.
In this module,
you learned about the basic API features to get started with creating
and adding content to a PDF document in PDFBox.
In addition, you learned about the PDF coordinate system,
which is important when it comes to adding content in the PDF document.
You put all of them to practice by building the product catalog
PDF document for the furniture store ERP system. And don't forget the key takeaways.